hello everyone and welcome to episode
four
whatever 14 15 of the padres i think
it's been episode 14 for a few weeks no
i don't i don't think so whatever
episode this is 13 14 15. i think i
think last week was 13 because we talked
about it being an unlucky number or
maybe last week was 14. sound off in the
comments guys what episode
anyway welcome to the padre on my name's
james
and uh we're frazzled
we don't know what episode we live in
what episode do we live in
whatever do we live in the city we're
not even going to know what city we live
in or province we're moving but we do
know half a continent away like that's
outstanding yeah we are moving we are
moving the length the horizontal length
of europe um away i think it's kind of
like moving from distance-wise moving
from new york to washington state
about that yeah yeah it's about 1800
kilometers i don't know what they're
like miles
our european friend like that is
substantial like that is moving from
europeans move around so easily i know
but it's like it's moving from spain to
the czech republic
if not further from spain to the czech
republic
a homesick check
i guess so
maybe if someone was trying to avoid
spanish
fascism in the 40s
there was
communism no it was spanish communism in
the no spirit spain had fascism it did
but it was replaced
uh it replaced communism
that's the thing about communism and the
spanish communism is that it was a form
of communism that was actually
functioning
um and so all the world was kind of
looking at spain like is this actually
going to work and then the fascists were
like no yeah and that's kind of why i'm
kind of generally kind of of the opinion
that communism can't function because
either it will just be consolidation of
power like
um and like stalinism yeah or it will
just or it'll be too weak to survive a
fascist incursion yeah
anyway that's not what we're talking
about today uh we're gonna talk about
fascism in the the attack on titan video
which i'm learning that the more i might
put this in the video the more you you
analyze media you either devote your
entire life to studying fascism or you
become one
and there's nowhere in between like the
more you dig your heels in the more
you're going to point one way or the
other well it's like for this video i
read
berto
romberto echoes um essay or fascism
um which
translates to eternal fascism
and that he's got like a list of rules
of like the any one of these things can
lear can lead to fascism and i'm like oh
i'm gonna need to read this
what was some of the surprising ones uh
oh god i can't i can't remember
but it was like i read them all and i
was like
oh dear
these all seem very familiar
um
but yeah so we're working on the attack
on titan video which is
oddly less about like is attack on titan
fascist and more
is attack on titan anything yeah yeah
even though i love it but like it it's
messy yeah we're using it as sort of
like a jumping point to talk about
studying literary symbols and literary
meaning in media and how to get meaning
out of that pop culture yeah and i'm
actually pulling my weight and writing
in this one i've written like 3 000
words i'm very proud of you yeah
we have like eight thousand we're almost
done believe it or not like we that's
the thing we have like six parts half of
them are done and we're at eight
thousand words no no we have six parts
i'm finished two you finished
i finished the intro the for part one
and then half of part two honestly i
don't even know if part three and four
need to be separate i might have just
written everything in the outline and
just kind of just copy pasted it we'll
we'll figure it out yeah um so that's a
look at our chaotic process but we are
here to talk about our chaotic process
over coming over the next few months
like what media are we serving to our
friend
yeah um because with the move
which is happening very quickly very
quickly because we were we didn't know
we were moving a week ago james a week
ago i was basically like we'll be lucky
if we can move
in the spring
that was my like golden goose of like
that's the best case scenario is like
april may
um and then i heard back from
a landlord
and
they were like yeah um
you know we're we're interested in you
as a tenant and everything and i was
like
huh
and because toronto is such a
uh
hot
uh real estate market for renters right
now because the problem with the
with toronto right now is that
houses are too expensive to buy
because the canadian government recently
raised interest rates and so it's
basically impossible to buy a house
right now
so there's a lot more renters than there
was a year ago
and so the renting
market is incredibly volatile and
furthermore this is the first year that
um universities on mass are doing are
coming back and of course i'm like yeah
i'm gonna look for apartments for
september
um but we found one
yeah i found one i had to pay a year's
rent
up front
a year's rent like up last half full
that means that every dollar you get
from like income for the next year is
just yeah it's not right we get to
except i will be paying we will be
paying rent where we are currently until
november when the lease ends which isn't
too bad but yeah it's not too too bad
but it is still a pain in the ass if i
it's it doesn't hurt as bad because
the rent is prepaid in the new place
yeah and the new place we're not going
to be living together nick's moving in
with me to when we get there so that he
has time to find his own place
um and then there are some promising
prospects for me too like i don't need
anything as fancy as james i was kind of
talking to mom i was like no
well actually it is it is kind of fancy
it's it's like the reason why your place
is much more bigger and more expensive
why you have the size requirements is
because that's where you were going to
have the telos
offices well yeah like the bedroom that
you will occupy it first will become the
productions
where we'll have the green screen and
all that stuff and the the editing
computer and everything will be there
and the monitors and everything it'll
all be in one room with a permanent
setup some living room doesn't need to
be torn apart and everything i mean the
living room will be moved around
constantly knowing you but
oh yeah yeah every couple of weeks
there'll be the things will be in a
different place i'll take a trip to ikea
and then they're worse than my mom
you're worse than my mom because that's
my way of instead of buying new
furniture if i move the room around it
feels like it's a new room and that's
also the only time that you clean a
place yes absolutely i
hate cleaning and so in order to clean i
have to basically launch into a complete
redecoration of the apartment to clean
and so that's that's what happens that's
why it ends up happening every couple of
weeks yeah it doesn't happen here
because you do the cleaning but then
when i'm on my own the apartment will be
like uh
moving around constantly um
so yeah but it is a very nice apartment
uh it's technically a condo it's
somebody bought the condo they moved
away they're renting out the condo yada
yada um
but it's a very nice centralized
mississauga you're in one of the poster
child buildings uh when you search for
mississauga um that's the area that
you're gonna be living in yeah which is
it's the gta it's not like downtown
toronto or anything like that as a
former toronton toronton
um you just say toronto brampton
scarborough mississauga it's all toronto
like i i very much kind of
obviously you know like i've i have a
very compartmentalized idea that like
toronto is just like
downtown yeah and then every all the
suburbs and everything they don't ex
they're not toronto and that's that's
what you that's the problem you had
early on it's like i'm only moving to
toronto if i can live in toronto i'm
like but james the burroughs and you're
like no that doesn't count it's kind of
like most people don't live in toronto
yeah
like there's a million people in
mississauga
which is more than the entire province
of nova scotia yeah
uh like it's not an absolute
unsubstantial city um
by the way the air conditioner will be
turning on and off throughout the
recording i apologize for that the new
building has central air so we won't
have to worry about that
[Music]
i i don't think people in on the discord
or
i was gonna say in chat uh like people
friends of the chat of the channel don't
really know this but i actually was
spent in the first seven years of my
life in toronto i lived there for the
first seven years of my life yeah so and
i lived in scarborough which is on on
the opposite side of toronto which is
yeah it's on the eastern side inside
mississauga is on the western side yeah
um
so that's what's going on uh big
exciting things so basically
just to kind of sorry to interrupt i
just want to lay out for
the lovely patrons what's going on
um
[Music]
so the move is happening
on the 7th or 8th of september
on september 1st
i am flying to toronto to get the keys
and returning home on september 2nd
there is then the long weekend the labor
day weekend and then i am driving
the five hours
to see my dad
before leaving
and to see my doctor so that i can get
six months of prescriptions
and
also
um
yeah and he's doing phone appointments
now so i might even be able to
but uh see my doctor then come back here
while i am gone
movers are going to be coming here and
picking up all our stuff
and
within three to five days they will be
dropping it off in ontario and it'll
give us three five days to pack up
essentials and clean up here yeah
and
[Music]
then when we move when when the move
happens um
[Music]
then
you know i'm going to be
have to go to ikea and buy some new
furniture because we're not taking
certain stuff with us
things like that it's going to be
hectic as hell which is why
i'm on a mission right now to get the
attack on titan video completed and out
for the first of september yeah like
that's going out while i'm on the plane
yeah um
and then
the um
and then i want three other videos
written
[Music]
before we leave
yeah
which we have a concept for what we're
going to talk about those on this
podcast because we have multiple
concepts yeah we just wanted to sound
off in the comments by the way which
ones you would like to see most so we
have the attack on titan that's coming
up for september we james and i want to
make a discussion well specifically me i
kind of spearheaded this one i wanted to
talk about the rise the the renaissance
of the queer villain yeah um and that
kind of i kind of got the inspiration
because i wanted to make a video about
everything everywhere all at once since
i watched it because it's just really
fantastic
um and it wasn't until
um
sarah
the star trek girl
this video is star trek
drawing jesse jessie gender oh my god i
was getting confused with sarah z
sarah's ed um
different different persons yes very
different person um i'm not great with
names good with faces not with names
but uh and then the discussion about how
there is a trend there was a one-off
trans villain on a star trek episode
yeah uh and you know the concept of
queer villains being able to be villains
for reasons unrelated to their queerness
yeah um like you know like you had the
star trek villain she was just
an amazingly fabulous badass like
um
she's played by the actress who uh i
forgot the characters name now she was
in the new queers folk and she was my
favorite character
and
because she was just such a
like
awesome yeah like she'd just gotten a
kid and she's like oh god i hate this
kid what was the the fake the um the the
villain's name on everything everywhere
not the actual name i can't remember i
only watched it i'm sorry i can't
remember yeah but like that was just a
really well actualized villain who was
queer but not a villain because she was
queer yeah and i want to talk about like
are we sort of make a video discussing
are we in a position and culture where
we are able to be
super competent villains once again yeah
where we can have queer villains without
it being demonizing queer people yeah
yeah um and i'm really excited for that
because i love villains yeah um they're
always so fantastic not always but you
know they can be they can villains are
usually the best characters a good
villain mate a villain makes or breaks
um
without a good villain you can't have a
good hero oh yeah that's absolutely true
yeah um
so i am really really excited to make
that um like luke skywalker would just
be a whiny [ __ ] if it weren't for darth
vader oh absolutely um and that's love
you mark hamill
but
that's probably the reason why until
episode eight when he's not a whiny
[ __ ] and then everybody hates him yeah
well and that's part of the reason why
star wars gets remembered whereas other
sort of space operas of the era don't um
not necessarily there's a lot of like
things trying to be star wars too yeah
but the thing is you you need the
villain you need the mannerisms of david
prowse
yes he was the body for darth vader you
need his mannerisms because he actually
he didn't know that he wasn't going to
be the followers at first no but in the
other two he did he was so salty about
it he spoiled episode
six yeah
um and he just did a really good job of
body acting and james earl jones was a
fantastic voice and
uh they just darth vader functions so
well as a villain so there's a lot to
talk about with villains because we're
also going oh we could also kind of
reprise a discussion about hannibal like
you know like hannibal lecter being a
certainly queer coded villain especially
in the books
yeah um we're also so that's going to be
a
hopefully a september video and then
we've got two planned for october
uh well there's multiple up in the air
so again sound off in the comments and
let us know which ones you think sound
the best um a sort of dissection of
queer perfection yeah and how queer
people feel like they need to be perfect
by going through black swan yeah because
i i'm obsessed with black swan it's one
of my favorite movies anytime i'm kind
of like focusing on like good or kind of
trying to talk about what i think is
good writing i usually default to black
swan and that will also give me a reason
to use more footage from the gay version
of swan lake in a video
um doing justice for the world yeah
retroactive justice for a bunch of hot
male ballerinas dancing around
um
by the way if you're a male ballerina
and you live in the toronto area i would
love to date you
but
um
you know if you want to date a
small-scale youtuber
um
there's a there's a ballet in toronto
you never know yeah there is actually
there's a lot of culture in toronto oh
like there's a lot of culture in toronto
what i mean my culture is there there is
a lot of like artistic stuff like
there's a very large conservatory in um
toronto i could i could hypothetically
start going to see operas again i'd love
to go see operas oh they are so
fantastic it's like
when you're operas are a lot like
broadway in the sense that you know you
listen to the track isolated and it
takes a certain year for it but like
when you're in that seat like it's
everywhere well yeah the suspension of
disbelief just goes away yeah because
like the way they sing isn't just to
kind of project to the back of the room
it fills the room yeah it's such an
interesting experience um
if you can find yourself making your way
to an opera i strongly recommend it
um
but yeah um so i'm excited to write that
so there's the queer villains
um there's the queer perfection via
black swan
um then there's
the official october video because the
october videos always have something to
do with horror yeah and that's been true
since before the channel became a thing
well yeah that was monsters in the
closet deep cuts
uh what did we call the hannibal one
uh fear coded fear coded i really like
that title actually yeah
um
and then there's that and then there's
shudder
stealing my idea of doing documentaries
about queer horror but i'm not salty
um
and so this time we're going to do
monsters out of the closet and we're
going to talk about how
horror
has
begun
started the process of being openly
queer yeah kind of using chucky the tv
show chucky to kind of use that and the
upcoming hell right here to the upcoming
hellraiser yes which i am very happy is
going to be
a hard r
they're not going to go for any kind of
pg nonsense people were talking that it
should be pg-13 to have a wider audience
and i'm like have you seen hellraiser do
you know the concept of hellraiser yeah
yeah that's not a pg-13 concept no you
need to change it significantly to make
it a pg-13 concept like
go away
go away hello raiser has been drug
through the mud so much
ever since we've had deadpool and joker
and uh it chapter one joker made a
billion dollars demonstrated that
r-rated movies
can be big box office draws yeah i still
want my ra to batman movie i know it's
like borderline edge lord but i want it
right about honestly like when it comes
to batman
like the batman i think
that's as hard as you can go into like
our territory without getting into frank
miller
no i don't want batman like i want the
villains to be the rated r part like i
want it to be like seven
okay honestly like seven gets like kind
of praised as one of these like you know
amazing psychological thrillers i didn't
really find it that like
you have no taste no like i watched it i
liked it but i'm like yeah this this is
good it's the only movie i've ever found
brad pitt sexy
not uh once upon a time in hollywood no
really no but he was on a roof with no
shirt yeah i know
damn it
okay
it's like how interview with the vampire
is the only movie i've ever found tom
cruise sexy okay so brad pitt has been
in a movie called once upon a time in
hollywood he's in a movie called seven
and he's also been in 13 monkeys are
there any brad pitt
he also produced 12 years a slave he did
i wonder if we can go from one to seven
or one to 13
with brad pitt
that would be an interesting film
festival
brad pitt if you're a patron you should
do that
just
like put it together with talia
call it 13 degrees of brad pitt
[Laughter]
but yeah um
so there's that one and then there was
an there's also the weight of being gay
which i've started writing again have
you because you put it you started
writing it and then you got disappointed
so have you picked it up again no but
it's you know a portion of it is written
okay okay um
which is really kind of getting into the
ideas of body image within the gay male
community and especially like you know
like uh concepts of health and body
weight in general yeah and how there is
a big difference between being healthy
and having you know the quote-unquote
sexy body for me like it's a it's a big
dichotomy of like you know like a lot of
health problems are blamed on weight on
blame on body size you know like oh
you're having chronic pain it's probably
body body weight you're not doing x
properly it's probably because your body
without realizing that especially this
factors into your condition is that body
size
is can be a symptom not a cause yeah
like with me i i have a condition that
makes me basically allergic to
carbohydrates which i've paid the price
for today
um
and when i decided to cut carbs out and
go on a borderline keto diet i lost 15
pounds rather quickly yeah i have not
lost any more but i haven't gained it
back we haven't you we haven't lost
anymore you haven't lost anymore because
you know we have been under a lot of
pressure and we haven't break it we have
been bending rules uh we've just been
i've been breaking the rules i ate
mcdonald's tonight yeah like i ate pasta
the other night like i am not following
the rules
and it's so funny because like i never
quite realized before just how much my
body hated me after i would eat
pasta and then punished me for it when
you went on a carb cleanse you cleared
up like you felt you had more energy uh
you were more motivated
your pimples went away you were more
motivated yeah
and then you know carbs have been
reintroduced and my body is like i hate
it's because like carbs are so are kind
of like the cornerstone of all diamonds
cuisine food so it's an incredibly
difficult task to make food that
eliminates carbohydrates yeah and like
the
substitutes are very hit and miss
uh like one of the things that i've
discovered is that there are a lot of
sweets that are carb free or very low in
carbs but that is because they replace
sugar with maltitol which
if you know what maltitol is
it is a great sugar replacement and
about an hour later
it feels like you've just eaten 20
pounds of x-lax well i mean like
the the x-lax diet was endorsed by louis
armstrong so that worked out great i
mean didn't didn't it he lived a long
life
yeah but he died eventually everyone
dies eventually james he was born in
like the 30s oh my
god no actually like
x-lax diets do have health health do
come with health problems
dehydration being the biggest one
you drink a lot of water anyway i need
to drink more water i don't drink nearly
as much water as you think i only drink
like a bottle a day
like a big bottle like one of your big
chunks yeah it's a big chunker but i
mean that's a lot of water like
technically you only really need to
drink when you're thirsty the problem
with me is that i'm so anxious i need to
keep myself distracted so i don't
realize i'm thirsty
um we're always thirsty
so like those are the kind of four
concrete videos we have planned
including the um way of being gay as
well as a the 50 the ranked 50 games oh
yeah that's something that i was going
to do last week but then i ended up
getting a sore throat again yeah and
um i'm basically waiting for
an evening where it's
not crazy humid and crazy hot where i
can turn the air conditioner off and i
can actually sit down and do it i have
the ranking system set up i'm going to
rank them on the fly and then edit it
together
like afterwards um
because i don't i don't think there's
like writing a script for that i think
would just be silly i'm just going to
like riff on it there's some movies that
i know are going to go in the homophobic
slate there's there's um another i i'm
still open to doing the notes on notes
on camp in that format
yeah kind of just the riffing format
because i want that to be a patreon
exclusive because yeah it was promised
and we kind of dropped it when
everything
happened uh everything went crazy
everything did go crazy
um so i still would like to do that
because that seems like a fun because i
could read through that again and just
read her for filth um nick visited home
for the first time in three years and
then everything went nuts everything did
go nuts
um and it all started when i almost
broke my neck in the shower yes
on my second day there
yeah it's great it's great
well no we got a shot in the arm we are
going to toronto you're getting
you're you actually put out applications
for actors in the gta yeah i put out an
ad because there's been no pickup in the
halifax area
about a dozen in halifax yeah and so far
i've gotten a and i put it out yesterday
i've gotten about 50. yeah actual
applicants from people and applicants
who have like been on actual shows
yeah um
and you know they're sending
you know professional headshots and
everything it's like these people are
like i want to be an actor
and i'm like
yeah can we we can do this yeah so like
i'm trying to figure out a movie now i'm
working on it kind of like a modern day
adaptation of rope if anyone has seen
rope i talk about it and monsters in the
closet
um
kind of a modern-day version of that and
i'm trying to figure out a way to
basically make it so that it can be shot
in my new apartment so that it can be
shot during the winter and we won't have
to deal with snow or anything like that
locations or anything yeah maybe i
should watch rope before this but like
an idea crosses my mind for like the
dynamic between the two of them well
rope is very vague i mean like you know
like it's obvious like you want to make
it obvious you barely even see the body
in rope yeah you want to make it obvious
that they're queer though that they're
kind of oh yeah those two are they're
murder boyfriends they're boyfriends but
like did you know that alex and steve
from minecraft are boyfriends
canonically i thought steve was a girl
no i thought alex was a girl no they're
boyfriends canonically no way yeah okay
i like alex femboy
um
so like
so they're obvious they're murder
boyfriends and they have a body hidden
in the apartment you said maybe during a
christmas party a christmas party a new
year's party or something like that um
throughout the duration um
big
big boy a murder boy murder boyfriend a
hannibal um is basically kind of um
hannibal and will we'll just call them
hannibal and will foreign reassuring
um
uh boyfriend b so
boyfriend b that like every like you
know kind of sort of in a very playful
kind of like jabbing sort of like you
killed someone ha ha or like you know
there's a body there ha ha ha ha ha
and then like at the end of the movie
you learned that
it's actually boyfriend b who does the
murdering and boyfriend a is just
supportive
and like the joking and jabbing is
actually part of their like ritual
that's an interesting twist yeah um like
the one you're the one that you think is
trapped in this relationship with a
murderer um is actually the murderer
themself and then the the other one is
just supportive of their murder habits
yeah that'd be interesting
um
but yeah i'm thinking of doing that as
the first because final girl needs to be
shot in the woods and that's a summer
needs to be shot in the summertime or
the spring yeah which we can probably
because of the way weather hits in in
ontario we can probably shoot that in
like april yeah and have it out in the
summer time so telos will start moving
um like as soon as we relocate i am you
know gonna be getting in touch with the
actors figuring out a way to
interview them um
because we had a we had a space to
interview them here i'm sure there's a
space like that in toronto um
but yeah so there's a bunch of stuff
planned
um
the big
i mean the big headache for me was
draining my savings for that big giant
upfront payment but because it was
basically buying a car yeah yeah but
you're knowing the fact that you're not
going to have to pay rent and that new
place for an entire year yeah like you
know you get to put money away there
yeah so that you know takes off a lot of
pressure and then just hopefully the
landlord doesn't say they want it all up
front again next year like i'm
like like i said i lived in this video
was supposed to be talking about
upcoming videos but like i'm kind of
just using waxing nostalgia this is just
a life update about toronto like i cuz i
lived in scarborough and the scarborough
bluffs are gorgeous um gorgeous
gorgeous gorgeous and i'm just very
excited to sort of rediscover toronto
because that's kind of the culture that
i was raised and then ripped out of to
move into the styx where i was the
locust fish in the village unfortunately
um the locust fish the wokest fish oh
yeah
it's it's weird being in a small town
and like being socially aware but having
no one to challenge your preconceptions
so you don't have any excuse or kind of
cause to grow or change or evolve yeah
you know
which is why you're such a pain in the
ass now i am a little bit okay i guess
uh james we can't say this because there
might be five people that misconstrue
this messaging and then cancel you
yeah the attack on titan video i'm going
through the i'm i'm trying to be very
balanced yeah with that because i don't
want to say the people who hate attack
on titan are dumb
um
but as it is my favorite anime i kind of
want to be like well my like it's my
favorite anime series i kind of think of
yuri on ice as like a mini series yeah
whereas attack on titan is the only on
is my favorite ongoing anime
uh though skate season two is coming um
but um banana fish season two when
yeah
when i make the movie
and i will make the movie and i will
make ash more relatable
like like we were talking about this the
other day like i would like i famously
really did not like banana fashion those
who are in the know know how much i
didn't i really didn't like it yeah nick
really disliked attack on titan yeah
like other than the first arc of season
three
i don't think you had a nice thing to
say about the show i have no i did gobby
i liked i liked god everybody hates it
yeah and that's the thing like
everything that the attack on titan
fandom hates about the series i was like
yeah that was actually well done yeah
like i think the gobby story story line
was also really well done like of course
i didn't like her but like i was like
you understood her by the progress
i liked how her character arc functioned
yeah but like it was a pain for you to
get through attack on time you couldn't
get through an episode of banana fish
paid to watch banana fish
and i do pay you to watch banana fish
but like i was saying like in order for
to fix banana fish in a way that i would
appreciate
edgy would need to be split up into
three characters
no ash okay you would have needed the
you know very edgy is perfect and leave
them alone edgy is a balanced character
i appreciated that you would have needed
the relatively non-verbal murder boy he
would have been ash like you know the
kind of tragic
abused um but very resilient and tough
as nails figure who was ash
um and he's very physical that's his
thing he he he's he's he's a murderer
he's a
he's an attack dog you point and he
attacks
there would have been the super smart
eloquent educated one who does spend his
time at the library yeah um and there
would have been the charismatic leader
yeah so the three of them would have
been balanced characters yeah that's
what i think
um
but yeah you could not get through
banana fish at all but yeah so attack
contact
the note it rolled up into the little
bill caps
but attack on titan is
easily my favorite ongoing anime manga
like series thing like i'm i haven't
been exposed to a whole lot but like
that's my favorite as of now
and so i've been like vehemently
defending it like on twitter and stuff
against some people who are very like
they're normal people like they're
saying like i'm uncomfortable with x and
stuff like that and then other ones who
are like well it's fascistic and if you
like it you're a fascist and it's like
the thing is like going through it i do
see where the discomfort can come from
oh absolutely um but i also don't
necessarily feel that it's brazenly
endorsing fascism yeah in fact in the
video i'm like in our discussions
leading up to the video i'm like i don't
know if this is actually saying anything
about fascism yeah because just because
it's using a
a fascist imagery and using images
imagery from fascist fascistic um
discrimination like with the ghettos and
the armbands
that doesn't necessarily mean that it's
making a commentary about fascism itself
yeah um it's just borrowing these pieces
of imagery to set the scene so that the
viewer can identify with the systems of
oppression that are going on yeah and
that's where i think that attack on
titan is
resting on this on this topic yeah i
think that it's very because i noticed
that what going through it the show
doesn't really lack for subtlety
uh no the show doesn't lack the does joe
doesn't like subtlety
um it's like it doesn't last there's a
lot of
uh this discourse in the series um about
trauma grief duplicity yeah um
consumption victimization
um and
the show is absolutely not shy to have
main characters basically look directly
at the camera and say this is what's
going on right now yeah um so i'm like
if there was something deeper to this
about an opinion about fascism
it would have been discussed yeah and
that's kind of where i'm at about attack
on titan yeah
but you know we'll get into much more
detail on that in the actual video to
come
um don't give me a minute i will talk
about the earned rally literary house
where i have a costume
um costume i have a costume they're
going to be outfit changes i don't know
where it's going to be shot but yeah
there's a costume um
so yeah there's a lot going on there's a
lot going on with youtube there's a lot
going on with moving there's a lot going
on with telos
all these pieces that have been well
youtube there's always a lot going on
with youtube but these extra pieces with
the moving and the telos that have been
kind of stagnant
for a long time
um
they got a shot in the arm
yeah they just got their booster shot
and now they're ready to go back out
into the playground and
i'm like hold on i don't have your leash
like i'm
kind of losing control
over covent times like
well yeah it's like because i'm getting
like 20 emails a day
from
moving companies and power companies and
internet companies and
do you have for the building i forgot to
ask like is are utilities included
um electricity isn't it electricity
isn't but everything else is really
that strikes me as odd that's okay yeah
the hydro or whatever is you pay for
that separately
um that's weird apparently it's like 40
bucks a month
um
yeah
um so i'm just constantly getting emails
about that and then
especially because you won't have an air
conditioner blasting through the summer
well yeah because it's just the central
layer
um
[Music]
and i probably won't never have the heat
on in the winter because i'm
like that
i would rather walk around with socks
and a sweater on than have the heat on
um
but yeah there's so much going on
and
i'm sorry this podcast didn't have like
a proper
point topic
or anything like that
um
i'm also thinking it's probably gonna be
a short one um
otherwise we're just gonna repeat
ourselves yeah like this is just kind of
uh get you up to speed i'm actually
really excited for the black swan video
because
that's one that i feel very deeply yeah
um because you you see me all the time i
will rip my nails out for
that perfect
presentation of stuff
what you'll rip your nails out figure a
speech okay i'll torture myself
figuratively i will torture myself in
order to basically make something
picture-perfect yeah and you've seen
that with like the way i write videos
and like the amount of time i spend on
detailing like you know like including
research and kind of taking these videos
into weird twisting tangents and places
to kind of just make these really weird
connections and then just put way more
work on myself than i need to yeah
um
and how like i feel partly that i need
to do that because i do not have any
desire to procreate so what else am i
gonna offer the world right
like right well i don't know i think the
greatest gift to humanity right now is
people not having children
right
um
all those goddamn landlords who are like
we'd much rather rent to a family anyway
and so no we don't really know what's
going on for the december video though
or november really or right yeah i
november is that month of the year that
i always forget about
i mean december is i think december
might be the anime month that might be
what the [ __ ] happens in november
literally ever what happens in november
american thanksgiving
that doesn't count
black friday
also does not count like what is
november used for november has no pretty
leaves november has no snow it's just
this weird november used to have snow
when i was a kid it snowed in november
december doesn't even happen no
it doesn't oh gosh global warming but
yeah i think december is actually going
to be the anime month because i think
that's when we're going to do the given
video and we're going to do the number
six video number six
oh my god is it number six number eight
i think number six yeah number six times
sounds familiar i think it's number six
i haven't read this yet but would there
be a video in demon's lair
um
[Music]
i have it on my on my um on my bedside
table but there might be
i
don't already didn't let you know no
i've been wanting to pick it up i've
been wanting to pick it up
well by all means you know check it out
um i like the i like the look of the guy
who has the pig face the pig yeah he was
so pretty under the pig head i that
that's one of my favorite tropes is
incredibly small pretty boys who are
completely feral and he's like he's he's
he has major luca energy really a
character oh that makes me happy he's
like i am small and i need to kill
things i i i do need some luca
inspiration so that might be my shot in
the arm yeah he's a really fun character
um
i haven't watched the anime though
because i seriously do the voice the
english voice actors small pretty boy
ghost farrell is like my favorite trope
of all time
um but yeah for november i'm sure you
know there will be videos for november
uh we have we still have a stack of
videos that we just haven't done yet
i mean like strange world is coming out
when november
okay
hey now i mean that would kind of be
like a heart stopper type thing
um where i would basically watch it
thursday night and then have the video
out for sunday so weird that
strange world is getting no traction
that disney's not promoting it girl
there are so many people watching the
owl house video
saying oh my god i have never heard of
this before i'm so excited there are so
many people watching the owl house video
who are like i barely watch anything but
cartoon network and nickelodeon and i
have never heard of the owl house
that makes me want to cry but yeah like
strange world like it's getting no media
push from nothing nothing but if you
want wha i recommend it watch a trailer
it looks really really really really
good it's fun because disney's like fun
it looks vibrant the animation looks
incredible you've got a queer character
of color like but the thing that i think
disney's kind of
marketing brain is saying about it is
it's coming out the same month as black
panther two yeah so why bother yeah we
don't need the money
and so they're just gonna throw it under
the bus but it looks like such it looks
like a new wave classic disney movie
like that kind of looked like zootopia
wreck-it ralph like it looks like it
fits into that ufra very very well fun
it does look very very fun i'm actually
sad that disney's making it and that i'm
sad that i'm mad at disney for making it
because it does look really really fun
yeah like i am absolutely going to see
it opening weekend
um preview night you know like thursday
night if it's in imax i'll go to imax
like i will give it all of the money
that i can
um
because i want it to be a success to
spike disney honestly like i'd love to
stump it to specifically by disney like
kind of promote it and do what i can to
push it like yeah like i i might just
make a video like if i watch it and it's
good i might just make a video promoting
it yeah honestly saying like everybody
go watch look does disney do it right
and they want to sweep it up and they
want you not to know about it yeah
disney doesn't want you to the disney
movie they don't want you to see
actually that's a good title yeah um
well that could apply for several disney
movies that already exist well yeah but
like i really don't want you to see song
of the song that's sort of what i was
gonna mention like why is this movie
which seems unremarkable as far as
disney animation is concerned and
animation excellence is concerned except
for that it has it is promoting a
ensemble cast focused around a queer
teenager and it's not like it's nobody's
in the case
yeah yeah why is this in the leagues of
movies that disney does not want you to
watch like song of the south what puts
this in that camp yeah it's it's the
gates or like the black cauldron and
stuff which the black cauldron is
actually a really fun movie the black
cauldron is a really fun movie but it is
dark it is it is very dark i i
appreciate its darkness though that was
back when that was back when tim burton
still had his umph
he was an animator on the movie oh he
was an animator on it yeah um he
actually got his start doing work for
fox and the hounds but he almost got
fired from that job because
his um illustrations apparently looked
like uh quote roadkill
wow um
well no one's run over in that like if
if you've ever read his uh what's his
book of poems called
i don't know they are all fantastic i
recommend looking at tim burton's poetry
book
that's back when he still had his you
know like
gusto and they're just so
what match boy
something i can't remember i'm sure if
you like amazon tim burton it will come
up
they were so great i loved them all um
but yeah so that they'll probably be a
video about that in november like kind
of a reactionary video like there was
with heart stopper or um uh fantastic
beasts yeah not not young royals because
that was much after it was probably yeah
um
kind of just like a quick video
so we'll see what happens there i'm sure
there'll be something else in november
too um like i said there's a glut of
videos
and i are very rarely wanting for ideas
yeah um like even if we don't have
anything slated like sometimes we'll do
we do have something slated and you'll
be like we need to make a video about
this right now and then that'll
completely mess up the schedule well
like stranger things yeah yeah like that
that move that video was not supposed to
be made yeah the video that it was
supposed to be attack on titan was
supposed to come next yeah and
then i was like
stranger things season four is really
good
we should do a video about it because
you know the will gay stuff and robin
and then we didn't talk about any of
that but it ended up being a really good
video and the views are decent so you
you asked how one time you when i was
talking about how much i didn't like
attack on titan you're like you never
like any media that i recommend to you i
really like stranger things okay that's
another example of something that i
really really like okay the exception to
the rule no no it's about 50 50 james
there is no rule
sometimes i like things sometimes i
don't
sometimes you like it anyway
i'm sure that if i i'm discovering my
own media there will be stuff that you
won't like
most of it i am i'm sure yeah um
still trying to get you to play certain
video games that i really really liked
it but honestly for me with video games
there's video games i'm super excited to
play that i have on my playstation and i
just don't play yeah
you got the guardians game i really want
to play that apparently it was a lot of
fun yeah um
when i sit down at the playstation i'm
like i'm gonna you know open up kakarot
and play it or i'm gonna open up um
horizon forbidden west and you're just
like playing some warframe and warframe
or overwatch i'm just like because i
just want to turn my brain on i kind of
get that with me in writing because like
i i've kind of been taking a hiatus from
writing while everything has been going
on because sitting down to start writing
always writing fiction fiction yeah
and non-fiction but to a greater extent
a fiction because i have a lot of hang
up like um
self-confidence hang-ups about my
fiction work right now yeah so sitting
down to write feels like much of a chore
then it actually ends up being yeah like
i'll start writing and i'll just go
um
i'm really hoping that i can get another
book out soon yeah because the one that
i have been working on that's almost
finished yeah um
just kind of came out of nowhere i
started writing it as a sort of you know
free associate association exercise and
it just kind of materialized so i'm
really happy about that
um and then on to work on avalon night
two yeah
and then next year we are going to put
out unrequited
um oh yeah yeah yeah because publisher
wanted to do it and then publisher
didn't want to and kind of
gas let us a little bit
um well that didn't gas lightest but the
the the editor we were working with was
wonderful but then the publisher decided
not to go forward but i want to publish
the book so
you know we're going to self-publish it
it's going to have more essays and stuff
in it so that's something to look
forward to
um
[Music]
but yeah we're crazy busy right now
which is why especially this week with
the writing and the
finding out about everything so that's
why the podcast is so late eventually we
will get back to putting them out on
mondays yeah um and i won tuesdays we
always put them on tuesdays it was
monday at first and then it was tuesday
and then it was wednesday and now it's
thursday
so eventually do like eight days to make
a podcast and like procedurally just get
on the list
um like i also wanted to do that
serialized writing project
serialized writing project like the the
thing that i add like a chapter two
every week or so oh yeah yeah and i also
wanted to become a photographer so i
have a lot of my plate maybe i should
start taking things off my plate
i think you just need to organize
organize better yeah you know time
management
take a time management class
because they work do they have those
i've i was forced to take them in
business school
um i was thinking for me mainly like
time management for work-life balance
but oh i have to sneeze give me a second
talk about something talk talk about
something
uh but yeah like i was saying about 10
minutes ago
um excuse me
um
we're just kind of rambling now so i
figure well we'll end the podcast here
um
thank you guys for listening there's the
ama coming up
this
tomorrow friday
beef don't forget to ask your questions
but ask them on the post where james
posted it because if you ask your
questions in the comments to the podcast
here we might not want to look at it
until we're like halfway through the pod
through the launch yeah so go to the ama
post and drop your questions there
um we've gotten some really interesting
ones
um
so i'm looking forward to the stream on
friday night so that's when you'll hear
from us next and
unless you're on the discord in which
case i'm on
sporadically or minecraft i'm on
constantly yeah um i'm building a town
with walls
it's like shigan china without the
trauma
um
but yeah so thank you so much for
listening
you're all amazing and it's because of
you guys that we have been able to make
this move happen and get started on
making movies i'm excited for that well
yeah like with everyone who's supported
telos and if you you know you want to
support telos you can go to
teluspictures.com and there is a way for
you to support us there um even though
the indiegogo is over
there is still ways to support telos
um
there are still ways to support yeah
there are still ways to support telos
and get your name in the credits
um
so yeah uh thank you guy again thank you
so much for listening i have been james
i'm nick sorry for the air conditioning
in the background and we'll talk to you
guys tomorrow see ya
bye random muppet voice at the end